I like, animals, so much, especially when I raise a pet cat. I take care of her very carefully, because she is one of my family members. But for some people, they treat animals badly. News always report some animals are abandoned after they become sick. I feel angry about it. Animals are equal to human being, and they should be treated well. Even though some people dontwant to raise the animals any more, they should find someone who are willing to keep them instead of abandoning these lovely creatures. A responsible person will never hurt the animals. The way we treat the animals will decide what kind of person we are.Recently, there are many news about young people gote high degree, especially a boy who was just 20 and he was receiving doctor education. For the ordinary students, they would graMany years ago, China was always criticized by foreigners for copying their technology, which seemed that we lacked of creativity. But the situation has changed. China surprises the world with its new technology. Many foreigners feel shocked and enjoy the convenience brought by the Chinese wisdom. As the policy Belt and Road becomes the hot issue around the world, foreign media focus their attention on this great old country. Many foreigners who have been to China tell the media that this country is no longer poor and develops very fast and many technologies even take the lead. The original applications such as Wechat and Alibaba are favored by foreigners. The new project of ofo receive great praise.We are used to be humble and always depreciate ourselves, but we can be very confident now. The one who comes to China is surprised by the change and they speak highly of China. People here are friendly and the diversity of culture catch them all the time. With the development of technology, China is gaining more reputation. Today, early in the morning, I go out of my house with my grandma. She walks to the square and then dances with her friends. The sky is so clean and beautiful. The sun is shining with red color. The scenery catches my attention. I have never noticed it before. The city in the morning is quiet and comfortable